Add `webdrivers` gem to automatically install `chromedriver` (#292)
rubyforgood/circulate: README.md

Circulate is a fairly basic Rails application. The main application requires a recent version of Ruby, a PostgreSQL database, and a modern version of Node and Yarn to build assets.

> * A version of chromium (Google Chrome is fine) and a compatible `chromedriver` are required to run application tests. This will be downloaded automatically for you when running system tests.

Author: > I seem to recall this not working fully in the past for linux users - happy to try it though!

Thank you for pointing this out! This is an example of the danger of only thinking about your own setup 🤦 

Fortunately, their [README](https://github.com/titusfortner/webdrivers#description) claims support for the following:

> Works on macOS, Linux, Windows, and Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) v1.

Hopefully, this doesn't mess up anyone's workflow 🤞 

This following suggestion updates the README to add a bit more caveats and information. Maybe that can help if this does fail for some users? 

```suggestion
* A version of chromium (Google Chrome is fine) and a compatible `chromedriver` are required to run application tests. Thanks to the [`webdrivers` gem](https://github.com/titusfortner/webdrivers), this should be downloaded automatically for you when running system tests. If you into issues, you may want to check their README or manually install `chromedriver`.
```

Reviewer: I also feel like I had an issue once, but it's been a while, so I agree: let's give it a shot.
